If you notice before,
I said you'll need at least 26 checks to get through every letter of the alphabet.
In reality, it's unlikely that you'll have to go through all 26 letters each time.
When we are discussing efficiency,
we often talk about it in terms of the worst-case scenario,
where we would have to check all 26 letters each time.
We focus on worst case because it puts an
upper bound on the amount of time our code is going to take.
You could also talk about efficiency in terms of the average case or even best case.
So if we're talking about letters in the alphabet,
the worst case means we would have to go through all 26 letters.
However, the best case would be that we
find what we're looking for on the very first try.
But on average, we're going to fall somewhere in the middle around 13.
In a perfect world,
iterating through a list of letters is going to take an average of 13 times.
Sometimes, it'll be a little more.
Sometimes, it'll be a little less,
but it's fair to say it'll be about 13.
If we're going to try and calculate the average case efficiency,
it's going to look a little more like this.
In the end, we'll get 16n plus two.
Now, let's go back to our point about approximations.
If we consider the average case the worst case or the best case,
it's also going to result in O of n. In an interview,
you might be tempted to combine the average case,
the worst case, the best case,
and just give an answer like this.
However, the best case, the worst case,
and the average case might not always approximate this nicely
so you really should specify to your interviewer which case you're talking about.